Create tensorflow-case-study2.md (#223)
NoroffFEU/development-platforms: src/content/docs/ai-ml/tensorflow-case-study2.md

| Use cases | TensorFlow is widely used for tasks which require deep learning like image classification and reinforcement learning. It is really useful when working on training large-scale models. PyTorch is very popular in research and academic settings. This is for its flexibility and ease of use. It is commonly used for research in computer vision and generative modeling. scikit-learn is suitable for traditional machine learning tasks like classification and dimensionality reduction, which is commonly used in data analysis and statistical learning applications. |
| Comparison Conclusion | TensorFlow is ideal for projects which require high-performance deep learning models and extensive community support. PyTorch on the other hand is preferred by researchers and practitioners for its ease of use and flexibility, and of course its dynamic computation graph. scikit-learn is best suited for traditional machine learning tasks where efficiency and simplicity are important. |

## Getting Started

> To get started with using TensorFlow I would suggest heading over to their website page dedicated to getting started [tensorflow.org/learn](https://www.tensorflow.org/learn). There are tutorials on the foundations of TensorFlow, how to get started with TensorFlow with JavaScript for Web, for mobile devices, Edge, Tpu and Raspberry Pi.

Reviewer: You need to fix the tone of this paragraph. It sounds subjective. A good write-up should be objective. See the suggestion below
```suggestion
To begin using TensorFlow, it's recommended to visit their dedicated webpage for beginners at [tensorflow.org/learn](https://www.tensorflow.org/learn). Here, you'll find tutorials covering the fundamentals of TensorFlow, along with guides on getting started with TensorFlow using JavaScript for web, mobile devices, edge computing, TPUs, and Raspberry Pi.
```

Reviewer: Same thing here. Fix the tone
